("Run Rudolph Run"
by Chuck Berry)
♪ Out of all the reindeers, you
know you're the mastermind ♪
♪ Run, run, Rudolph, Randalph
ain't too far behind ♪
♪ Run, run, Rudolph, Santa's
gotta make it to town ♪
♪ Santa make him hurry ♪
♪ Tell him he can take
the freeway down ♪
♪ Run, run, Rudolph ♪
♪ 'Cause I'm reeling
like a merry-go-round ♪
♪ Said Santa to a boy "Child ♪
♪ What have you
been longing for?" ♪
♪ "All I want for Christmas ♪
♪ Is a rock and roll
electric guitar" ♪
♪ And then away went Rudolph ♪
♪ Whizzing like
a shooting star ♪
♪ Run, run, Rudolph, Santa's
got to make it to town ♪
♪ Santa make him hurry ♪
♪ Tell him he can take
the freeway down ♪
♪ Run, run, Rudolph, I'm
reeling like a merry-go-round ♪
(guitar solo)
♪ Run, run, Rudolph, Santa's
got to make it to town ♪
♪ Santa make him hurry ♪
♪ Tell him he can take
the freeway down ♪
♪ Run, run, Rudolph, I'm
reelin' like a merry-go-round ♪
♪ Said Santa to a girl, "Child ♪
♪ What would please
you most to get?" ♪
♪ "A little baby doll that can
cry, sleep, drink and wet" ♪
♪ And then away went Rudolph ♪
♪ Whizzing like a Saber jet ♪
♪ Run, run, Rudolph, Santa's
gotta make it to town ♪
♪ Santa make him hurry ♪
♪ Tell him he can take
the freeway down ♪
♪ Run, run, Rudolph, I'm
reelin' like a merry-go-round ♪
♪♪♪